README.md, before:

# Agent B – UI Workflow Capture Agent
*Softlight Engineering Take-Home Assignment – UI Workflow Capture Agent (Agent B)*

---

## Overview
Agent B collaborates with other members of Softlight’s multi-agent system. Agent A receives natural-language questions (“How do I create a project in Linear?”) and delegates them to Agent B. Agent B interprets the instruction, drives a real browser via Playwright + an LLM planner, captures every important UI state (including modals and confirmation banners that never change the URL), and emits a structured dataset that teaches downstream agents or humans how to complete the workflow.

---

## Key Features
- **LLM Planner** – Strict JSON schema, robust selector guidance, loop-safe reasoning, and capture hints for all key states.
- **Playwright Executor** – Sync Playwright driver that validates visibility, handles retries/timeouts, and converts actions to real DOM operations.
- **Non-URL Capture** – Records entry pages, controls, modals/forms, populated inputs, success views—everything Agent A needs to replicate the workflow.
- **Dataset Generation** – Saves sequential screenshots, DOM summaries, and `run.jsonl` telemetry under `captures/<task>/`.
- **Guardrails** – Per-action timeouts, repeated-action detection, selector validation, and “never paste the prompt” policies keep the system reliable.

---

## Architecture
```
┌───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│                          Agent B                              │
├──────────────────────┬────────────────────────┬───────────────┤
│ Context Extractor    │ Planner                │ Executor      │
│ (src/agent/context.py│ (src/agent/planner.py) │ (src/agent/   │
│ + Playwright DOM     │ • strict system prompt │ executor.py)  │
│ snapshot)            │ • JSON-only actions    │ • Playwright   │
│ • URL/title/modals   │ • capture recommendations│ ops + waits  │
│ • Clickables/inputs  │ • guardrails + retries │ • success/fail │
├──────────────────────┴────────────────────────┴───────────────┤
│ Run Logger & Dataset (src/agent/run_logger.py)                │
│ • logs/agent-<ts>.log + logs/run-<ts>.jsonl                   │
│ • captures/<slug>/<step>-<capture>.png                        │
│ • Combined trace feeds Agent A and future training pipelines  │
└───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

### Planner
- Interprets the task + DOM summary using a strict system prompt.
- Emits exactly one JSON object per step with fields such as `action`, `selector`, `value`, `capture_name`, `reason`, `expect`, `success_hint`.
- Never emits Markdown, never pastes its instructions into input fields, and targets robust selectors (roles, aria labels, placeholders).
- Encourages collecting ~3–6 captures per workflow (entry, control visible, modal open, form filled, success state).

### Executor
- Implements `click`, `fill`, `press`, `wait_for`, `capture`, etc., via Playwright.
- Waits for elements, retries on timeouts, surfaces structured success/failure info to the planner and logger.

### Context Extractor
- Builds lightweight page/DOM summaries each loop (URL, title, clickables, inputs, breadcrumbs, modal metadata).

### Run Logger & Dataset
- Logs each planner/executor step to `run.jsonl`.
- Stores screenshots under `captures/<slugified-task>/<step>-<capture_name>.png`.
- Produces `agent-<timestamp>.log` for debugging, plus high-level DOM summaries for downstream analysis.

---

## Quickstart

### Prerequisites
- Python 3.11
- Node/npm (for Playwright helpers)
- Playwright browsers (`chromium` at minimum)

### Installation
```bash
git clone <repo>
cd agent-ui-capture-intelligent
python3.11 -m venv .venv && source .venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
python -m playwright install
```

### Auth Setup
Capture a saved Playwright auth state for each app (Linear example):
```bash
npx playwright codegen https://linear.app --save-storage=secrets/linear-storage.json
```
Reuse the resulting `--storage-state` file for subsequent runs. Do the same for Notion or other apps.

### Example Runs
**Linear**
```bash
python src/main.py \
  --task "Create a new project in Linear with a random title" \
  --app linear \
  --storage-state secrets/linear-storage.json \
  --max-steps 18 \
  --timeout-ms 12000
```

**Notion**
```bash
python src/main.py \
  --task "Create a database and filtered view in Notion" \
  --app notion \
  --storage-state secrets/notion-storage.json \
  --headless \
  --max-steps 20
```

---

## How It Works (Step-by-Step)
1. **Task ingestion** – `src/main.py` parses CLI flags (`--task`, `--app`, `--storage-state`, `--max-steps`, `--timeout-ms`, `--headless`).
2. **Context snapshot** – `src/agent/context.py` summarizes the live page: URL, title, clickables, inputs, modals, owner dialog info.
3. **Planner call** – `LLMPlanner` (src/agent/planner.py) receives the DOM summary + task and returns one JSON action that fits the schema. It never emits extra text.
4. **Executor** – `ActionExecutor` (src/agent/executor.py) maps the JSON to Playwright operations, waits for visibility, handles timeouts, and reports structured success/failure data.
5. **Captures** – The executor triggers screenshots whenever the planner requests `capture` or when configured key states (modal open, form populated, success banner) are reached.
6. **Logging** – `RunLogger` (src/agent/run_logger.py) writes every event to `run.jsonl`, captures step metadata, and mirrors console/page errors.
7. **Stopping** – Loop ends when the planner outputs `done`, success heuristics fire, guardrails trip, or `--max-steps` is reached.

Because all captures are driven by context, Agent B records non-URL states—modals, wizards, confirmation banners—ensuring workflows remain reproducible even when the browser location stays constant.

---

## Dataset Format
```
captures/<slugified-task>/
├── step-00-entry.png / .json
├── step-01-open-control.png / .json
├── step-02-modal-open.png / .json
├── step-03-form-filled.png / .json
├── step-04-success.png / .json
└── run.jsonl
```

### run.jsonl (excerpt)
```json
{
  "event": "step",
  "step": 4,
  "action": {
    "action": "fill",
    "selector": "role=textbox[name=/Project name/i]",
    "value": "Agent Demo",
    "capture_name": "form-filled",
    "reason": "Populate project name",
    "expect": "Form ready to submit",
    "success_hint": "New project dialog still open"
  },
  "success": true,
  "planner": "llm",
  "url": "https://linear.app/.../projects",
  "dom_summary": { "clickables": 42, "inputs": 6, "modals": 1 },
  "screenshot": "captures/create-a-project/step-04-form-filled.png"
}
```

Use the `run.jsonl` timeline to correlate each action with its screenshot and DOM summary. This dataset becomes ground truth for training other agents or for documenting internal workflows.

---

## Loom Demo
- ▶ **Loom demo: <ADD_LINK_HERE>** – Walkthrough showing the agent receiving a Linear task, opening the modal, filling the form, capturing key UI states, and producing the dataset.

---

## Testing Expectations
The repository demonstrates 3–5 real tasks across at least two apps (e.g., Linear + Notion):
1. Create a new project in Linear.
2. Filter issues by status/label in Linear.
3. Create a database and filtered view in Notion.
4. Update workspace settings.

No workflows are hardcoded—the agent always consumes `--task` at runtime. Because planning relies on textual roles/labels (not app-specific scripts), the approach generalizes to unseen tasks and apps so long as they expose accessible DOM metadata.

---

## Extensibility
- **Add new apps** – Provide an auth state and call `src/main.py --task "…" --app <new-app>`; the planner/executor automatically adapts to the DOM summary.
- **Swap LLM providers** – Replace the OpenAI client inside `src/agent/planner.py` while preserving the JSON schema and prompt contract.
- **Customize capture rules** – Adjust planner prompts or extend the executor to capture additional states (toasts, error banners, etc.).

---

## Reliability & Guardrails
- Per-action timeouts (`--timeout-ms`) and global loop limits (`--max-steps`).
- Selector validation detects conflicting nouns (“issue” vs “project”) and rejects brittle CSS.
- Repeated-action detection prevents loops (e.g., re-opening “Add project” repeatedly).
- Prompt-injection defense: planner never mirrors its instructions into UI fields.
- Executor verifies fill results and surfaces failures to trigger replanning.

---

## Limitations & Future Work
- Third-party UIs change frequently; some selectors may degrade over time.
- Auth/session management depends on upstream rate limits and cookie TTLs.
- Future enhancements: cached multi-step plans, richer DOM embeddings, human-in-the-loop annotations for rare workflows.

---

## License
MIT License © Softlight Engineering. Use responsibly; never commit secrets, storage-state files, or raw customer datasets to the repository.

Agent B is intentionally app-agnostic—every improvement should continue to rely on live UISnapshots and natural-language instructions rather than hardcoded flows. Hook it up to Agent A, point it at a new workflow, and you’ll get the screenshots, actions, and metadata needed to teach the rest of your agent stack.

Commit message:

Add personal note about project enthusiasm
Added a personal note expressing excitement about the project and collaboration with the Softlight team.

README.md, after:

# Agent B – UI Workflow Capture Agent
*Softlight Engineering Take-Home Assignment – UI Workflow Capture Agent (Agent B)*

---

## Overview
Agent B collaborates with other members of Softlight’s multi-agent system. Agent A receives natural-language questions (“How do I create a project in Linear?”) and delegates them to Agent B. Agent B interprets the instruction, drives a real browser via Playwright + an LLM planner, captures every important UI state (including modals and confirmation banners that never change the URL), and emits a structured dataset that teaches downstream agents or humans how to complete the workflow.

---

## Key Features
- **LLM Planner** – Strict JSON schema, robust selector guidance, loop-safe reasoning, and capture hints for all key states.
- **Playwright Executor** – Sync Playwright driver that validates visibility, handles retries/timeouts, and converts actions to real DOM operations.
- **Non-URL Capture** – Records entry pages, controls, modals/forms, populated inputs, success views—everything Agent A needs to replicate the workflow.
- **Dataset Generation** – Saves sequential screenshots, DOM summaries, and `run.jsonl` telemetry under `captures/<task>/`.
- **Guardrails** – Per-action timeouts, repeated-action detection, selector validation, and “never paste the prompt” policies keep the system reliable.

---

## Architecture
```
┌───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│                          Agent B                              │
├──────────────────────┬────────────────────────┬───────────────┤
│ Context Extractor    │ Planner                │ Executor      │
│ (src/agent/context.py│ (src/agent/planner.py) │ (src/agent/   │
│ + Playwright DOM     │ • strict system prompt │ executor.py)  │
│ snapshot)            │ • JSON-only actions    │ • Playwright   │
│ • URL/title/modals   │ • capture recommendations│ ops + waits  │
│ • Clickables/inputs  │ • guardrails + retries │ • success/fail │
├──────────────────────┴────────────────────────┴───────────────┤
│ Run Logger & Dataset (src/agent/run_logger.py)                │
│ • logs/agent-<ts>.log + logs/run-<ts>.jsonl                   │
│ • captures/<slug>/<step>-<capture>.png                        │
│ • Combined trace feeds Agent A and future training pipelines  │
└───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

### Planner
- Interprets the task + DOM summary using a strict system prompt.
- Emits exactly one JSON object per step with fields such as `action`, `selector`, `value`, `capture_name`, `reason`, `expect`, `success_hint`.
- Never emits Markdown, never pastes its instructions into input fields, and targets robust selectors (roles, aria labels, placeholders).
- Encourages collecting ~3–6 captures per workflow (entry, control visible, modal open, form filled, success state).

### Executor
- Implements `click`, `fill`, `press`, `wait_for`, `capture`, etc., via Playwright.
- Waits for elements, retries on timeouts, surfaces structured success/failure info to the planner and logger.

### Context Extractor
- Builds lightweight page/DOM summaries each loop (URL, title, clickables, inputs, breadcrumbs, modal metadata).

### Run Logger & Dataset
- Logs each planner/executor step to `run.jsonl`.
- Stores screenshots under `captures/<slugified-task>/<step>-<capture_name>.png`.
- Produces `agent-<timestamp>.log` for debugging, plus high-level DOM summaries for downstream analysis.

---

## Quickstart

### Prerequisites
- Python 3.11
- Node/npm (for Playwright helpers)
- Playwright browsers (`chromium` at minimum)

### Installation
```bash
git clone <repo>
cd agent-ui-capture-intelligent
python3.11 -m venv .venv && source .venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
python -m playwright install
```

### Auth Setup
Capture a saved Playwright auth state for each app (Linear example):
```bash
npx playwright codegen https://linear.app --save-storage=secrets/linear-storage.json
```
Reuse the resulting `--storage-state` file for subsequent runs. Do the same for Notion or other apps.

### Example Runs
**Linear**
```bash
python src/main.py \
  --task "Create a new project in Linear with a random title" \
  --app linear \
  --storage-state secrets/linear-storage.json \
  --max-steps 18 \
  --timeout-ms 12000
```

**Notion**
```bash
python src/main.py \
  --task "Create a database and filtered view in Notion" \
  --app notion \
  --storage-state secrets/notion-storage.json \
  --headless \
  --max-steps 20
```

---

## How It Works (Step-by-Step)
1. **Task ingestion** – `src/main.py` parses CLI flags (`--task`, `--app`, `--storage-state`, `--max-steps`, `--timeout-ms`, `--headless`).
2. **Context snapshot** – `src/agent/context.py` summarizes the live page: URL, title, clickables, inputs, modals, owner dialog info.
3. **Planner call** – `LLMPlanner` (src/agent/planner.py) receives the DOM summary + task and returns one JSON action that fits the schema. It never emits extra text.
4. **Executor** – `ActionExecutor` (src/agent/executor.py) maps the JSON to Playwright operations, waits for visibility, handles timeouts, and reports structured success/failure data.
5. **Captures** – The executor triggers screenshots whenever the planner requests `capture` or when configured key states (modal open, form populated, success banner) are reached.
6. **Logging** – `RunLogger` (src/agent/run_logger.py) writes every event to `run.jsonl`, captures step metadata, and mirrors console/page errors.
7. **Stopping** – Loop ends when the planner outputs `done`, success heuristics fire, guardrails trip, or `--max-steps` is reached.

Because all captures are driven by context, Agent B records non-URL states—modals, wizards, confirmation banners—ensuring workflows remain reproducible even when the browser location stays constant.

---

## Dataset Format
```
captures/<slugified-task>/
├── step-00-entry.png / .json
├── step-01-open-control.png / .json
├── step-02-modal-open.png / .json
├── step-03-form-filled.png / .json
├── step-04-success.png / .json
└── run.jsonl
```

### run.jsonl (excerpt)
```json
{
  "event": "step",
  "step": 4,
  "action": {
    "action": "fill",
    "selector": "role=textbox[name=/Project name/i]",
    "value": "Agent Demo",
    "capture_name": "form-filled",
    "reason": "Populate project name",
    "expect": "Form ready to submit",
    "success_hint": "New project dialog still open"
  },
  "success": true,
  "planner": "llm",
  "url": "https://linear.app/.../projects",
  "dom_summary": { "clickables": 42, "inputs": 6, "modals": 1 },
  "screenshot": "captures/create-a-project/step-04-form-filled.png"
}
```

Use the `run.jsonl` timeline to correlate each action with its screenshot and DOM summary. This dataset becomes ground truth for training other agents or for documenting internal workflows.

---

## Loom Demo
- ▶ **Loom demo: <ADD_LINK_HERE>** – Walkthrough showing the agent receiving a Linear task, opening the modal, filling the form, capturing key UI states, and producing the dataset.

---

## Testing Expectations
The repository demonstrates 3–5 real tasks across at least two apps (e.g., Linear + Notion):
1. Create a new project in Linear.
2. Filter issues by status/label in Linear.
3. Create a database and filtered view in Notion.
4. Update workspace settings.

No workflows are hardcoded—the agent always consumes `--task` at runtime. Because planning relies on textual roles/labels (not app-specific scripts), the approach generalizes to unseen tasks and apps so long as they expose accessible DOM metadata.

---

## Extensibility
- **Add new apps** – Provide an auth state and call `src/main.py --task "…" --app <new-app>`; the planner/executor automatically adapts to the DOM summary.
- **Swap LLM providers** – Replace the OpenAI client inside `src/agent/planner.py` while preserving the JSON schema and prompt contract.
- **Customize capture rules** – Adjust planner prompts or extend the executor to capture additional states (toasts, error banners, etc.).

---

## Reliability & Guardrails
- Per-action timeouts (`--timeout-ms`) and global loop limits (`--max-steps`).
- Selector validation detects conflicting nouns (“issue” vs “project”) and rejects brittle CSS.
- Repeated-action detection prevents loops (e.g., re-opening “Add project” repeatedly).
- Prompt-injection defense: planner never mirrors its instructions into UI fields.
- Executor verifies fill results and surfaces failures to trigger replanning.

---

## Limitations & Future Work
- Third-party UIs change frequently; some selectors may degrade over time.
- Auth/session management depends on upstream rate limits and cookie TTLs.
- Future enhancements: cached multi-step plans, richer DOM embeddings, human-in-the-loop annotations for rare workflows.

---

## Personal Note:
I’m genuinely excited about this challenge and the opportunity to work with the Softlight team. It sits in the perfect intersection of what I love building: high-leverage systems, real-time automation, and intelligent tooling that makes complex workflows feel effortless. Over the past few years I’ve shipped production-grade platforms across infra, data, AI, and full-stack product — from low-latency systems and containerized backends to retrieval and analytics tooling — and this assignment feels like a natural extension of that work: robust engineering + ML-driven reasoning + delightful UX for other agents and humans. 

What excites me most is Softlight’s focus on real, working systems over just “demo AI.” This project is exactly that: an autonomous, explainable agent that can generalize across products, navigate messy UIs, and reliably capture the right states without brittle hardcoding. It’s the kind of problem where strong fundamentals, meticulous debugging, and product empathy actually matter — and that’s how I like to operate.

I’m looking forward to the chance to collaborate with the team, go deep on this problem space, and help build tools that other engineers and agents can rely on in production.
